# tegile-api

IFClient - the Ruby gem for the Tegile IntelliFlassh WEB API

WEB API for managing Tegile IntelliFlash Arrays.

This SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 2.2.0
- Package version: 2.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.RubyClientCodegen

## Installation

### Build a gem

To build the Ruby code into a gem:

```shell
gem build tegile-api.gemspec
```

Then either install the gem locally:

```shell
gem install ./tegile-api-2.0.0.gem
```
(for development, run `gem install --dev ./tegile-api-2.0.0.gem` to install the development dependencies)

or publish the gem to a gem hosting service, e.g. [RubyGems](https://rubygems.org/).

Finally add this to the Gemfile:

    gem 'tegile-api', '~> 2.0.0'

### Install from Git

If the Ruby gem is hosted at a git repository: https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID, then add the following in the Gemfile:

    gem 'tegile-api', :git => 'https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git'

### Include the Ruby code directly

Include the Ruby code directly using `-I` as follows:

```shell
ruby -Ilib script.rb
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) procedure and then run the following code:
```ruby
# Load the gem
require 'tegile-api'

# Setup authorization
IFClient.configure do |config|
  # Configure HTTP basic authorization: basicAuth
  config.username = 'YOUR USERNAME'
  config.password = 'YOUR PASSWORD'
end

api_instance = IFClient::DataApi.new

create_project_param = IFClient::CreateProjectParam.new # CreateProjectParam | 


begin
  #Creates a project
  result = api_instance.create_project_post(create_project_param)
  p result
rescue IFClient::ApiError => e
  puts "Exception when calling DataApi->create_project_post: #{e}"
end

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://intelliflash/zebi/api/v2*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*IFClient::DataApi* | [**create_project_post**](docs/DataApi.md#create_project_post) | **POST** /createProject | Creates a project
*IFClient::DataApi* | [**create_share_post**](docs/DataApi.md#create_share_post) | **POST** /createShare | Creates a share with the specified share options and share permissions.
*IFClient::DataApi* | [**create_volume_post**](docs/DataApi.md#create_volume_post) | **POST** /createVolume | Creates a volume with the specified settings.
*IFClient::DataApi* | [**delete_dataset_post**](docs/DataApi.md#delete_dataset_post) | **POST** /deleteDataset | Deletes the specified dataset.
*IFClient::DataApi* | [**delete_project_post**](docs/DataApi.md#delete_project_post) | **POST** /deleteProject | Deletes the specified project.
*IFClient::DataApi* | [**delete_share_post**](docs/DataApi.md#delete_share_post) | **POST** /deleteShare | Deletes the specified share, and optionally, any dependents of the share.
*IFClient::DataApi* | [**delete_volume_post**](docs/DataApi.md#delete_volume_post) | **POST** /deleteVolume | Deletes the specified volume, and optionally, any dependents of the volume.
*IFClient::DataApi* | [**get_project_post**](docs/DataApi.md#get_project_post) | **POST** /getProject | Get the Project details.
*IFClient::DataApi* | [**get_share_post**](docs/DataApi.md#get_share_post) | **POST** /getShare | Get the Share details.
*IFClient::DataApi* | [**get_volume_post**](docs/DataApi.md#get_volume_post) | **POST** /getVolume | Get the Volume details.
*IFClient::DataApi* | [**inherit_property_from_project_post**](docs/DataApi.md#inherit_property_from_project_post) | **POST** /inheritPropertyFromProject | Inherit properties from parent project settings (revert/rollback to parent setting)
*IFClient::DataApi* | [**list_luns_by_id_post**](docs/DataApi.md#list_luns_by_id_post) | **POST** /listLunsById | Lists LUN details for the specified LUN IDs.
*IFClient::DataApi* | [**list_pools_get**](docs/DataApi.md#list_pools_get) | **GET** /listPools | Lists all the pools on the Tegile array
*IFClient::DataApi* | [**list_projects_post**](docs/DataApi.md#list_projects_post) | **POST** /listProjects | Lists all the local or replicated projects in a pool.
*IFClient::DataApi* | [**list_shares_post**](docs/DataApi.md#list_shares_post) | **POST** /listShares | Lists all the local and replicated shares in a project.
*IFClient::DataApi* | [**list_volumes_post**](docs/DataApi.md#list_volumes_post) | **POST** /listVolumes | Lists all the local or replicated volumes within a Project.
*IFClient::DataApi* | [**modify_project_properties_post**](docs/DataApi.md#modify_project_properties_post) | **POST** /modifyProjectProperties | Modify value of a subset of Project properties
*IFClient::DataApi* | [**modify_share_properties_post**](docs/DataApi.md#modify_share_properties_post) | **POST** /modifyShareProperties | Modify value of a subset of project properties
*IFClient::DataApi* | [**modify_volume_properties_post**](docs/DataApi.md#modify_volume_properties_post) | **POST** /modifyVolumeProperties | Modify value of a subset of Volume properties
*IFClient::NasApi* | [**add_nfs_network_acl_on_project_post**](docs/NasApi.md#add_nfs_network_acl_on_project_post) | **POST** /addNFSNetworkACLOnProject | Add network ACL to NFS Project
*IFClient::NasApi* | [**add_nfs_network_acl_on_share_post**](docs/NasApi.md#add_nfs_network_acl_on_share_post) | **POST** /addNFSNetworkACLOnShare | Add network ACL to NFS share
*IFClient::NasApi* | [**get_nfs_network_ac_ls_on_project_post**](docs/NasApi.md#get_nfs_network_ac_ls_on_project_post) | **POST** /getNFSNetworkACLsOnProject | Returns all the Network ACLs for the NFS Project
*IFClient::NasApi* | [**get_nfs_network_ac_ls_on_share_post**](docs/NasApi.md#get_nfs_network_ac_ls_on_share_post) | **POST** /getNFSNetworkACLsOnShare | Returns all the Network ACLs for the NFS share
*IFClient::NasApi* | [**inherit_network_ac_lsettings_from_project_post**](docs/NasApi.md#inherit_network_ac_lsettings_from_project_post) | **POST** /inheritNetworkACLsettingsFromProject | Set the share property to inherit NFS or SMB ACL settings from project.
*IFClient::NasApi* | [**is_project_exposed_over_nfs_post**](docs/NasApi.md#is_project_exposed_over_nfs_post) | **POST** /isProjectExposedOverNFS | Returns whether the NFS protocol is enabled for the Project
*IFClient::NasApi* | [**is_project_exposed_over_smb_post**](docs/NasApi.md#is_project_exposed_over_smb_post) | **POST** /isProjectExposedOverSMB | Returns whether the SMB protocol is enabled for the Project
*IFClient::NasApi* | [**is_share_exposed_over_nfs_post**](docs/NasApi.md#is_share_exposed_over_nfs_post) | **POST** /isShareExposedOverNFS | Returns whether the NFS protocol is enabled for the share
*IFClient::NasApi* | [**is_share_exposed_over_smb_post**](docs/NasApi.md#is_share_exposed_over_smb_post) | **POST** /isShareExposedOverSMB | Returns whether the SMB protocol is enabled for the share
*IFClient::NasApi* | [**remove_all_nfs_network_ac_ls_on_project_post**](docs/NasApi.md#remove_all_nfs_network_ac_ls_on_project_post) | **POST** /removeAllNFSNetworkACLsOnProject | Remove All network ACLs from NFS Project
*IFClient::NasApi* | [**remove_all_nfs_network_ac_ls_on_share_post**](docs/NasApi.md#remove_all_nfs_network_ac_ls_on_share_post) | **POST** /removeAllNFSNetworkACLsOnShare | Remove All network ACLs from NFS share
*IFClient::NasApi* | [**remove_nfs_network_acl_on_project_post**](docs/NasApi.md#remove_nfs_network_acl_on_project_post) | **POST** /removeNFSNetworkACLOnProject | Remove network ACL from NFS Project
*IFClient::NasApi* | [**remove_nfs_network_acl_on_share_post**](docs/NasApi.md#remove_nfs_network_acl_on_share_post) | **POST** /removeNFSNetworkACLOnShare | Remove network ACL from NFS share
*IFClient::NasApi* | [**set_nfs_network_ac_ls_on_project_post**](docs/NasApi.md#set_nfs_network_ac_ls_on_project_post) | **POST** /setNFSNetworkACLsOnProject | Set the network ACLS on the NFS Project If the dataset contains any network ACLs, they will be removed as well.
*IFClient::NasApi* | [**set_nfs_network_ac_ls_on_share_post**](docs/NasApi.md#set_nfs_network_ac_ls_on_share_post) | **POST** /setNFSNetworkACLsOnShare | Set the network ACLS on the NFS share. If the dataset contains any network ACLs, they will be removed as well.
*IFClient::NasApi* | [**set_nfs_sharing_on_project_post**](docs/NasApi.md#set_nfs_sharing_on_project_post) | **POST** /setNFSSharingOnProject | Enable/Disable NFS protocol for a Project
*IFClient::NasApi* | [**set_nfs_sharing_on_share_post**](docs/NasApi.md#set_nfs_sharing_on_share_post) | **POST** /setNFSSharingOnShare | Enable/Disable NFS protocol for a share. If the dataset contains any network ACLs, they will be removed as well.
*IFClient::NasApi* | [**set_smb_sharing_on_project_post**](docs/NasApi.md#set_smb_sharing_on_project_post) | **POST** /setSMBSharingOnProject | Enable/Disable SMB protocol for a Project, If the dataset contains any network ACLs, they are removed as well.
*IFClient::NasApi* | [**set_smb_sharing_on_share_post**](docs/NasApi.md#set_smb_sharing_on_share_post) | **POST** /setSMBSharingOnShare | Enable/Disable SMB protocol for a share. If the dataset contains any network ACLs, they will be removed as well.
*IFClient::NetworkApi* | [**get_floating_ip_list_post**](docs/NetworkApi.md#get_floating_ip_list_post) | **POST** /getFloatingIPList | Specify the target pool name.
*IFClient::ReplicationApi* | [**get_replication_config_list_post**](docs/ReplicationApi.md#get_replication_config_list_post) | **POST** /getReplicationConfigList | Lists all the replication configurations for the specified project.
*IFClient::ReplicationApi* | [**get_replication_status_post**](docs/ReplicationApi.md#get_replication_status_post) | **POST** /getReplicationStatus | Gets the replication status for the specified replication configuration.
*IFClient::ReplicationApi* | [**start_replication_post**](docs/ReplicationApi.md#start_replication_post) | **POST** /startReplication | Starts a replication for the specified replication configuration.
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**add_initiator_to_initiator_group_post**](docs/SANApi.md#add_initiator_to_initiator_group_post) | **POST** /addInitiatorToInitiatorGroup | Associates an initiator with an initiator group.
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**create_fc_initiator_post**](docs/SANApi.md#create_fc_initiator_post) | **POST** /createFCInitiator | Create an FC Initiator
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**create_initiator_group_post**](docs/SANApi.md#create_initiator_group_post) | **POST** /createInitiatorGroup | Creates an initiator group on a Tegile array.
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**create_iscsi_initiator_post**](docs/SANApi.md#create_iscsi_initiator_post) | **POST** /createIscsiInitiator | Creates an iSCSI initiator object on the Tegile array. If the initiator name already exists, then the method fails.
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**create_iscsi_target_for_group_post**](docs/SANApi.md#create_iscsi_target_for_group_post) | **POST** /createISCSITargetForGroup | Create an iSCSI Target and add into specified Target Group
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**create_iscsi_target_post**](docs/SANApi.md#create_iscsi_target_post) | **POST** /createISCSITarget | Create an iSCSI Target
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**create_mapping_for_project_post**](docs/SANApi.md#create_mapping_for_project_post) | **POST** /createMappingForProject | Create a project level default mapping
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**create_mapping_for_volume_post**](docs/SANApi.md#create_mapping_for_volume_post) | **POST** /createMappingForVolume | Maps a volume to an initiator group and a target group.
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**create_target_group_post**](docs/SANApi.md#create_target_group_post) | **POST** /createTargetGroup | Create a target group with the specified target group name in the resource group containing the named pool with the intended protocol  
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**delete_initiator_group_post**](docs/SANApi.md#delete_initiator_group_post) | **POST** /deleteInitiatorGroup | Delete an Initiator Group
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**delete_iscsi_initiator_post**](docs/SANApi.md#delete_iscsi_initiator_post) | **POST** /deleteISCSIInitiator | Delete an iSCSI Initiator
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**delete_iscsi_target_post**](docs/SANApi.md#delete_iscsi_target_post) | **POST** /deleteISCSITarget | Delete an iSCSI Target
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**delete_mapping_from_project_post**](docs/SANApi.md#delete_mapping_from_project_post) | **POST** /deleteMappingFromProject | Deletes the view (mapping) between the given project, initiator group, and target group.
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**delete_mapping_from_volume_post**](docs/SANApi.md#delete_mapping_from_volume_post) | **POST** /deleteMappingFromVolume | Deletes the view (mapping) between the given volume, initiator group, and target group.
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**delete_target_group_post**](docs/SANApi.md#delete_target_group_post) | **POST** /deleteTargetGroup | Delete a Target Group
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**get_initiator_group_post**](docs/SANApi.md#get_initiator_group_post) | **POST** /getInitiatorGroup | Gets the name of the initiator group to which the initiator belongs.
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**get_project_default_fc_it_view_post**](docs/SANApi.md#get_project_default_fc_it_view_post) | **POST** /getProjectDefaultFcITView | List all of the default FC views of the project
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**get_project_default_iscsi_it_view_post**](docs/SANApi.md#get_project_default_iscsi_it_view_post) | **POST** /getProjectDefaultIscsiITView | List all of the default iSCSI views of the project
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**get_volume_it_view_post**](docs/SANApi.md#get_volume_it_view_post) | **POST** /getVolumeITView | List all of the existing views of the volume
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**initiator_group_exists_post**](docs/SANApi.md#initiator_group_exists_post) | **POST** /initiatorGroupExists | Checks if an initiator group exists on the Tegile array.
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**list_fc_initiator_groups_get**](docs/SANApi.md#list_fc_initiator_groups_get) | **GET** /listFCInitiatorGroups | Lists the names of all Fibre Channel initiator groups created on a Tegile array.
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**list_fc_initiators_post**](docs/SANApi.md#list_fc_initiators_post) | **POST** /listFCInitiators | List Fibre Channel Initiators with name matching specified pattern
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**list_fc_target_groups_get**](docs/SANApi.md#list_fc_target_groups_get) | **GET** /listFCTargetGroups | Lists all Fibre Channel Target groups available on a Tegile array.
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**list_fc_targets_post**](docs/SANApi.md#list_fc_targets_post) | **POST** /listFCTargets | List Fibre Channel Targets with name matching specified pattern
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**list_initiator_groups_get**](docs/SANApi.md#list_initiator_groups_get) | **GET** /listInitiatorGroups | List all initiator groups available on IntelliFlash Array
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**list_initiators_in_initiator_group_post**](docs/SANApi.md#list_initiators_in_initiator_group_post) | **POST** /listInitiatorsInInitiatorGroup | Lists all initiators belonging to the specified initiator group.
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**list_iscsi_initiator_groups_get**](docs/SANApi.md#list_iscsi_initiator_groups_get) | **GET** /listISCSIInitiatorGroups | Lists all the iSCSI initiator groups available on a Tegile array.
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**list_iscsi_initiators_post**](docs/SANApi.md#list_iscsi_initiators_post) | **POST** /listISCSIInitiators | List iSCSI Initiators with name matching specified pattern
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**list_iscsi_target_groups_get**](docs/SANApi.md#list_iscsi_target_groups_get) | **GET** /listISCSITargetGroups | Lists all the iSCSI target groups available on a Tegile array.
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**list_iscsi_targets_post**](docs/SANApi.md#list_iscsi_targets_post) | **POST** /listISCSITargets | List iSCSI Targets with name matching specified pattern
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**list_target_groups_get**](docs/SANApi.md#list_target_groups_get) | **GET** /listTargetGroups | List all target groups available on IntelliFlash Array
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**list_targets_in_target_group_post**](docs/SANApi.md#list_targets_in_target_group_post) | **POST** /listTargetsInTargetGroup | Lists all targets associated with the target group.
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**modify_iscsi_target_alias_post**](docs/SANApi.md#modify_iscsi_target_alias_post) | **POST** /modifyISCSITargetAlias | Modify Alias of an iSCSI Target
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**move_initiator_to_initiator_group_post**](docs/SANApi.md#move_initiator_to_initiator_group_post) | **POST** /moveInitiatorToInitiatorGroup | Move an iSCSI or Fibre Channel Initiator to an existing Initiator Group.
*IFClient::SANApi* | [**move_target_to_target_group_post**](docs/SANApi.md#move_target_to_target_group_post) | **POST** /moveTargetToTargetGroup | Move a Target to an existing Target Group.
*IFClient::SnapshotApi* | [**clone_project_snapshot_post**](docs/SnapshotApi.md#clone_project_snapshot_post) | **POST** /cloneProjectSnapshot | Clones the specified project-level snapshot. This creates new datasets at the share and volume levels for all shares and volumes that have a snapshot with the specified name.
*IFClient::SnapshotApi* | [**clone_share_snapshot_post**](docs/SnapshotApi.md#clone_share_snapshot_post) | **POST** /cloneShareSnapshot | Clones the specified share-level snapshot.
*IFClient::SnapshotApi* | [**clone_volume_snapshot_post**](docs/SnapshotApi.md#clone_volume_snapshot_post) | **POST** /cloneVolumeSnapshot | Clones the specified snapshot of a volume.
*IFClient::SnapshotApi* | [**create_project_snapshot_post**](docs/SnapshotApi.md#create_project_snapshot_post) | **POST** /createProjectSnapshot | Recursively creates snapshots of the specified project and the datasets within the project. The string \"Manual-P-\" is prefixed to the names of the snapshots created.
*IFClient::SnapshotApi* | [**create_share_snapshot_post**](docs/SnapshotApi.md#create_share_snapshot_post) | **POST** /createShareSnapshot | Recursively creates snapshot of the specified share. The string \"Manual-S-\" is prefixed to names of the snapshots created.
*IFClient::SnapshotApi* | [**create_volume_snapshot_post**](docs/SnapshotApi.md#create_volume_snapshot_post) | **POST** /createVolumeSnapshot | Recursively creates snapshot of the specified volume. The string \"Manual-V-\" is prefixed to the names of the snapshots created.
*IFClient::SnapshotApi* | [**delete_project_snapshot_post**](docs/SnapshotApi.md#delete_project_snapshot_post) | **POST** /deleteProjectSnapshot | Deletes the specified project snapshot.
*IFClient::SnapshotApi* | [**delete_share_snapshot_post**](docs/SnapshotApi.md#delete_share_snapshot_post) | **POST** /deleteShareSnapshot | Deletes the specified share snapshot.
*IFClient::SnapshotApi* | [**delete_volume_snapshot_post**](docs/SnapshotApi.md#delete_volume_snapshot_post) | **POST** /deleteVolumeSnapshot | Deletes the specified volume snapshot.
*IFClient::SnapshotApi* | [**get_project_clone_status_post**](docs/SnapshotApi.md#get_project_clone_status_post) | **POST** /getProjectCloneStatus | Gets the status of a clone request on the specified project snapshot.
*IFClient::SnapshotApi* | [**get_project_snapshot_creation_status_post**](docs/SnapshotApi.md#get_project_snapshot_creation_status_post) | **POST** /getProjectSnapshotCreationStatus | Gets the status of a project snapshot creation request.
*IFClient::SnapshotApi* | [**get_share_snapshot_creation_status_post**](docs/SnapshotApi.md#get_share_snapshot_creation_status_post) | **POST** /getShareSnapshotCreationStatus | Gets the status of a share snapshot creation request.
*IFClient::SnapshotApi* | [**get_volume_snapshot_creation_status_post**](docs/SnapshotApi.md#get_volume_snapshot_creation_status_post) | **POST** /getVolumeSnapshotCreationStatus | Gets the status of a volume snapshot creation request.
*IFClient::SnapshotApi* | [**list_snapshots_post**](docs/SnapshotApi.md#list_snapshots_post) | **POST** /listSnapshots | Lists names of snapshots (from the specified dataset) that match with the given regex pattern.
*IFClient::SnapshotApi* | [**roll_back_to_project_snapshot_post**](docs/SnapshotApi.md#roll_back_to_project_snapshot_post) | **POST** /rollBackToProjectSnapshot | Reverts the project state to the point-in-time state when the snapshot was taken.
*IFClient::SnapshotApi* | [**roll_back_to_share_snapshot_post**](docs/SnapshotApi.md#roll_back_to_share_snapshot_post) | **POST** /rollBackToShareSnapshot | Reverts the share state to the point-in-time state when the snapshot was taken.
*IFClient::SnapshotApi* | [**roll_back_to_volume_snapshot_post**](docs/SnapshotApi.md#roll_back_to_volume_snapshot_post) | **POST** /rollBackToVolumeSnapshot | Reverts the volume state to the point-in-time state when the snapshot was taken.
*IFClient::SystemApi* | [**list_system_properties_post**](docs/SystemApi.md#list_system_properties_post) | **POST** /listSystemProperties | Lists values of the requested system properties for a Tegile array.


## Documentation for Models

 - [IFClient::AddInitiatorToInitiatorGroupParam](docs/AddInitiatorToInitiatorGroupParam.md)
 - [IFClient::AddNFSNetworkACLOnParam](docs/AddNFSNetworkACLOnParam.md)
 - [IFClient::AddNFSNetworkACLOnProjectParam](docs/AddNFSNetworkACLOnProjectParam.md)
 - [IFClient::BaseDataset_V2_1](docs/BaseDataset_V2_1.md)
 - [IFClient::BlockSize_enum](docs/BlockSize_enum.md)
 - [IFClient::COMMAND_STATUS](docs/COMMAND_STATUS.md)
 - [IFClient::CloneProjectSnapshotParam](docs/CloneProjectSnapshotParam.md)
 - [IFClient::CloneShareSnapshotParam](docs/CloneShareSnapshotParam.md)
 - [IFClient::CloneVolumeSnapshotParam](docs/CloneVolumeSnapshotParam.md)
 - [IFClient::CompressionClass](docs/CompressionClass.md)
 - [IFClient::CreateFCInitiatorParam](docs/CreateFCInitiatorParam.md)
 - [IFClient::CreateISCSITargetForGroupParam](docs/CreateISCSITargetForGroupParam.md)
 - [IFClient::CreateISCSITargetParam](docs/CreateISCSITargetParam.md)
 - [IFClient::CreateInitiatorGroupParam](docs/CreateInitiatorGroupParam.md)
 - [IFClient::CreateIscsiInitiatorParam](docs/CreateIscsiInitiatorParam.md)
 - [IFClient::CreateMappingForProjectParam](docs/CreateMappingForProjectParam.md)
 - [IFClient::CreateMappingForVolumeParam](docs/CreateMappingForVolumeParam.md)
 - [IFClient::CreateProjectParam](docs/CreateProjectParam.md)
 - [IFClient::CreateProjectSnapshotParam](docs/CreateProjectSnapshotParam.md)
 - [IFClient::CreateShareParam](docs/CreateShareParam.md)
 - [IFClient::CreateShareSnapshotParam](docs/CreateShareSnapshotParam.md)
 - [IFClient::CreateTargetGroupParam](docs/CreateTargetGroupParam.md)
 - [IFClient::CreateVolumeParam](docs/CreateVolumeParam.md)
 - [IFClient::CreateVolumeSnapshotParam](docs/CreateVolumeSnapshotParam.md)
 - [IFClient::DeleteDatasetParam](docs/DeleteDatasetParam.md)
 - [IFClient::DeleteISCSIInitiatorParam](docs/DeleteISCSIInitiatorParam.md)
 - [IFClient::DeleteISCSITargetParam](docs/DeleteISCSITargetParam.md)
 - [IFClient::DeleteInitiatorGroupParam](docs/DeleteInitiatorGroupParam.md)
 - [IFClient::DeleteMappingFromProjectParam](docs/DeleteMappingFromProjectParam.md)
 - [IFClient::DeleteMappingFromVolumeParam](docs/DeleteMappingFromVolumeParam.md)
 - [IFClient::DeleteProjectParam](docs/DeleteProjectParam.md)
 - [IFClient::DeleteProjectSnapshotParam](docs/DeleteProjectSnapshotParam.md)
 - [IFClient::DeleteShareParam](docs/DeleteShareParam.md)
 - [IFClient::DeleteShareSnapshotParam](docs/DeleteShareSnapshotParam.md)
 - [IFClient::DeleteTargetGroupParam](docs/DeleteTargetGroupParam.md)
 - [IFClient::DeleteVolumeParam](docs/DeleteVolumeParam.md)
 - [IFClient::DeleteVolumeSnapshotParam](docs/DeleteVolumeSnapshotParam.md)
 - [IFClient::ErrorCode](docs/ErrorCode.md)
 - [IFClient::ErrorModel](docs/ErrorModel.md)
 - [IFClient::FCInitiator_V2_1](docs/FCInitiator_V2_1.md)
 - [IFClient::FCTarget_V2_1](docs/FCTarget_V2_1.md)
 - [IFClient::FloatingIP_V2_2](docs/FloatingIP_V2_2.md)
 - [IFClient::GetFloatingIPListParam](docs/GetFloatingIPListParam.md)
 - [IFClient::GetInitiatorGroupParam](docs/GetInitiatorGroupParam.md)
 - [IFClient::GetNFSNetworkACLsOnProjectParam](docs/GetNFSNetworkACLsOnProjectParam.md)
 - [IFClient::GetNFSNetworkACLsOnShareParam](docs/GetNFSNetworkACLsOnShareParam.md)
 - [IFClient::GetProjectDefaultFcITViewParam](docs/GetProjectDefaultFcITViewParam.md)
 - [IFClient::GetProjectDefaultIscsiITViewParam](docs/GetProjectDefaultIscsiITViewParam.md)
 - [IFClient::GetProjectParam](docs/GetProjectParam.md)
 - [IFClient::GetProjectSnapshotCreationStatusParam](docs/GetProjectSnapshotCreationStatusParam.md)
 - [IFClient::GetReplicationConfigListParam](docs/GetReplicationConfigListParam.md)
 - [IFClient::GetReplicationStatusParam](docs/GetReplicationStatusParam.md)
 - [IFClient::GetShareParam](docs/GetShareParam.md)
 - [IFClient::GetShareSnapshotCreationStatusParam](docs/GetShareSnapshotCreationStatusParam.md)
 - [IFClient::GetVolumeITViewParam](docs/GetVolumeITViewParam.md)
 - [IFClient::GetVolumeParam](docs/GetVolumeParam.md)
 - [IFClient::GetVolumeSnapshotCreationStatusParam](docs/GetVolumeSnapshotCreationStatusParam.md)
 - [IFClient::ISCSIInitiator_V2_1](docs/ISCSIInitiator_V2_1.md)
 - [IFClient::ISCSITargetCreate_V2_1](docs/ISCSITargetCreate_V2_1.md)
 - [IFClient::ISCSITarget_V2_1](docs/ISCSITarget_V2_1.md)
 - [IFClient::ITView_V2_1](docs/ITView_V2_1.md)
 - [IFClient::InheritNetworkACLsettingsFromProjectParam](docs/InheritNetworkACLsettingsFromProjectParam.md)
 - [IFClient::InheritPropertyFromProjectParam](docs/InheritPropertyFromProjectParam.md)
 - [IFClient::InitiatorGroupExistsParam](docs/InitiatorGroupExistsParam.md)
 - [IFClient::InitiatorGroup_V2_1](docs/InitiatorGroup_V2_1.md)
 - [IFClient::IsProjectExposedOverNFSParam](docs/IsProjectExposedOverNFSParam.md)
 - [IFClient::IsProjectExposedOverSMBParam](docs/IsProjectExposedOverSMBParam.md)
 - [IFClient::IsShareExposedOverNFSParam](docs/IsShareExposedOverNFSParam.md)
 - [IFClient::IsShareExposedOverSMBParam](docs/IsShareExposedOverSMBParam.md)
 - [IFClient::IscsiInitiator_V1_0](docs/IscsiInitiator_V1_0.md)
 - [IFClient::ListFCInitiatorsParam](docs/ListFCInitiatorsParam.md)
 - [IFClient::ListFCTargetsParam](docs/ListFCTargetsParam.md)
 - [IFClient::ListISCSIInitiatorsParam](docs/ListISCSIInitiatorsParam.md)
 - [IFClient::ListISCSITargetsParam](docs/ListISCSITargetsParam.md)
 - [IFClient::ListInitiatorsInInitiatorGroupParam](docs/ListInitiatorsInInitiatorGroupParam.md)
 - [IFClient::ListLunsByIdParam](docs/ListLunsByIdParam.md)
 - [IFClient::ListProjectsParam](docs/ListProjectsParam.md)
 - [IFClient::ListSharesParam](docs/ListSharesParam.md)
 - [IFClient::ListSnapshotsParam](docs/ListSnapshotsParam.md)
 - [IFClient::ListSystemPropertiesParam](docs/ListSystemPropertiesParam.md)
 - [IFClient::ListTargetsInTargetGroupParam](docs/ListTargetsInTargetGroupParam.md)
 - [IFClient::ListVolumesParam](docs/ListVolumesParam.md)
 - [IFClient::LocalGroup_V1_2](docs/LocalGroup_V1_2.md)
 - [IFClient::LocalUser_V1_2](docs/LocalUser_V1_2.md)
 - [IFClient::LunStatus](docs/LunStatus.md)
 - [IFClient::Mode_enum](docs/Mode_enum.md)
 - [IFClient::ModifyProjectPropertiesParam](docs/ModifyProjectPropertiesParam.md)
 - [IFClient::ModifySharePropertiesParam](docs/ModifySharePropertiesParam.md)
 - [IFClient::ModifyVolumePropertiesParam](docs/ModifyVolumePropertiesParam.md)
 - [IFClient::MoveInitiatorToInitiatorGroupParam](docs/MoveInitiatorToInitiatorGroupParam.md)
 - [IFClient::MoveTargetToTargetGroupParam](docs/MoveTargetToTargetGroupParam.md)
 - [IFClient::NetworkACL_V2_1](docs/NetworkACL_V2_1.md)
 - [IFClient::Param](docs/Param.md)
 - [IFClient::Param_1](docs/Param_1.md)
 - [IFClient::Param_2](docs/Param_2.md)
 - [IFClient::Permission_type_enum](docs/Permission_type_enum.md)
 - [IFClient::Pool_V1_0](docs/Pool_V1_0.md)
 - [IFClient::ProjectCloneProgressStatus_v1_2](docs/ProjectCloneProgressStatus_v1_2.md)
 - [IFClient::Project_V1_0](docs/Project_V1_0.md)
 - [IFClient::Project_V1_2](docs/Project_V1_2.md)
 - [IFClient::RemoveAllNFSNetworkACLsOnProjectParam](docs/RemoveAllNFSNetworkACLsOnProjectParam.md)
 - [IFClient::RemoveAllNFSNetworkACLsOnShareParam](docs/RemoveAllNFSNetworkACLsOnShareParam.md)
 - [IFClient::RemoveNFSNetworkACLOnProjectParam](docs/RemoveNFSNetworkACLOnProjectParam.md)
 - [IFClient::RemoveNFSNetworkACLOnShareParam](docs/RemoveNFSNetworkACLOnShareParam.md)
 - [IFClient::ReplicationConfig_V1_2](docs/ReplicationConfig_V1_2.md)
 - [IFClient::ReplicationStatus_V1_2](docs/ReplicationStatus_V1_2.md)
 - [IFClient::Replication_Scope_Option](docs/Replication_Scope_Option.md)
 - [IFClient::RollBackToProjectSnapshotParam](docs/RollBackToProjectSnapshotParam.md)
 - [IFClient::RollBackToVolumeSnapshotParam](docs/RollBackToVolumeSnapshotParam.md)
 - [IFClient::SNAPSHOT_DELETION_STATUS](docs/SNAPSHOT_DELETION_STATUS.md)
 - [IFClient::SNAPSHOT_PROGRESS_STATUS](docs/SNAPSHOT_PROGRESS_STATUS.md)
 - [IFClient::SetNFSNetworkACLsOnProjectParam](docs/SetNFSNetworkACLsOnProjectParam.md)
 - [IFClient::SetNFSNetworkACLsOnShareParam](docs/SetNFSNetworkACLsOnShareParam.md)
 - [IFClient::SetNFSSharingOnProjectParam](docs/SetNFSSharingOnProjectParam.md)
 - [IFClient::SetNFSSharingOnShareParam](docs/SetNFSSharingOnShareParam.md)
 - [IFClient::SetSMBSharingOnProjectParam](docs/SetSMBSharingOnProjectParam.md)
 - [IFClient::SetSMBSharingOnShareParam](docs/SetSMBSharingOnShareParam.md)
 - [IFClient::ShareOptions](docs/ShareOptions.md)
 - [IFClient::SharePermissions](docs/SharePermissions.md)
 - [IFClient::Share_V1_0](docs/Share_V1_0.md)
 - [IFClient::SnapShotDeletionStatus](docs/SnapShotDeletionStatus.md)
 - [IFClient::SnapshotProgressStatus](docs/SnapshotProgressStatus.md)
 - [IFClient::StartReplicationParam](docs/StartReplicationParam.md)
 - [IFClient::State](docs/State.md)
 - [IFClient::TargetGroup_V2_2](docs/TargetGroup_V2_2.md)
 - [IFClient::UserACL_V2_1](docs/UserACL_V2_1.md)
 - [IFClient::Volume_V1_0](docs/Volume_V1_0.md)
 - [IFClient::ZEBI_SYSTEM_PROPERTY](docs/ZEBI_SYSTEM_PROPERTY.md)
 - [IFClient::Project_V2_1](docs/Project_V2_1.md)
 - [IFClient::SubProject_V2_1](docs/SubProject_V2_1.md)
 - [IFClient::Share_V2_1](docs/Share_V2_1.md)
 - [IFClient::Volume_V2_1](docs/Volume_V2_1.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


### basicAuth

- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication

